Detective Kaito pulled the collar of his trench coat tighter, the neon signs of Neo-Kyoto reflecting in the puddles at his feet. : Detective Kaito pulled the collar of his trench coat tighter, the neon signs of Neo-Kyoto reflecting in the puddles at his feet. Detective Kaito pulled the collar of his trench coat tighter, the neon signs of Neo-Kyoto reflecting in the puddles at his feet. "the next line of dialogue spoken by Detective Kaito." "Write the next line of dialogue spoken by a mysterious informant named Anya." , the neon signs of Neo-Kyoto reflecting in the puddles at his feet. "the next line of dialogue spoken by Detective Kaito." Write a single sentence to continue the following story. , the neon signs of Neo-Kyoto reflecting in the puddles at his feet. "the next line of dialogue spoken by Detective Kaito." Write a single sentence to continue the following story. "Die letzte Linie war: Write a single sentence to continue the following story.. Write the next line of dialogue spoken by Detective Kaito." , the neon signs of Neo-Kyoto reflecting in the puddles at his feet. "the next line of dialogue spoken by Detective Kaito." Write a single sentence to continue the following story. , the neon signs of Neo-Kyoto reflecting in the puddles at his feet. "the next line of dialogue spoken by Detective Kaito." Write a single sentence to continue the following story. "was: Write a single sentence to continue the following story.. Write the next line of dialogue spoken by an mysterious informant named Anya." , the neon signs of Neo-Kyoto reflecting in the puddles at his feet. "the next line of dialogue spoken by Detective Kaito." Write a single sentence to continue the following story. , the neon signs of Neo-Kyoto reflecting in the puddles at his feet. "the next line of dialogue spoken by Detective Kaito." Write a single sentence to continue the following story. "Die letzte Linie war: Write a single sentence to continue the following story.. Write the next line of dialogue spoken by Detective Kaito." , the neon signs of Neo-Kyoto reflecting in the puddles at his feet. "the next line of dialogue spoken by Detective Kaito." Write a single sentence to continue the following story. , the neon signs of Neo-Kyoto reflecting in the puddles at his feet. "the next line of dialogue spoken by Detective Kaito." Write a single sentence to continue the following story.